Keep every corner clean, organised, and clutter-free
Use mats on slippery floors
Store combustible materials properly
Ensure proper training when handling equipment or machinery
Provide clothes appropriate for tasks
Sit upright in your chair, with your feet touching the floor when you're working at your desk. Before sitting down, look to make sure your chair is beneath you and hasn't rolled away.
Look where you're going whenever you're walking around the office.
Walk, don't run.
Go slowly if the floor is wet or otherwise slippery.
Don't read while walking.
Always hold the handrail when using stairs.
Immediately wipe up spilled beverages, water tracked in by wet shoes or drippings from umbrellas. Ask a custodian to do the cleaning if you don't have time to do it yourself.
Obey your building's (no) smoking rules, and don't throw matches, ashes, or cigarette butts into regular trash.
Get up and stretch or walk around. This can help prevent injuries while promoting circulation
Don't touch electrical outlets, plugs, or switches with wet hands.
Keep the floors and aisles clear of electrical cords. Use surge protectors and cable ties to manage the wiring.
Refrain from eating or drinking at a computer station. Spills and crumbs could get into the keyboard and cause malfunctions.
If you must carry anything from one place to another, don't stack things up so high that you can't see directly in front of you.
When carrying boxes, use the elevator if available.
Only open one drawer in a filing cabinet at a time to keep it from tipping over.
Close desk or file cabinet drawers before walking away so others don't walk into them.
Store supplies inside of cabinets or bookcases, and place heavier items in the lower drawers or shelves.
Wash your hands often.
Keep a hand sanitizer at your desk and use it after touching communal doors or being in shared spaces.
Be sure to stay hydrated throughout the day.
If you are sick, the best thing you can do for your body is to stay home and rest. You're likely to get better more quickly if you give yourself a break and focus on recovering.
Try not to come in close contact with anyone who is under the weather.
Be sure you get your flu shot every year.
Visit the doctor if you are experiencing severe symptoms that persist for longer than one week.
Have a plan for evacuating the building in the event of a fire or other disaster.
Know where the nearest emergency exit is along with other locations on your floor.
Make sure your office has fire guards or marshals designated on each floor or section to provide direction in the event of an evacuation.
Practice with fire drills at least once a year, if not more frequently.
For evacuations during natural disasters, especially fires, take the stairs instead of an elevator.
Move away from windows during a tornado or other type of windstorm.
Report all unsafe conditions to a supervisor.
Don't work under the influence.
