"If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed." - Albert Einstein
"The word focus might be only small, but the meaning is HUGE when it comes to safety"
"A Safety Adviser is part of the team, be assured he or she isn't always mean"
"When the sun is glowing and frying your head, find some shade and water instead."
"The shutdown finishing line is in site, so keep incident free with all your might."
"The RDO'S nearly hear the rest will be Bliss, just watch what you do if you get on the Piss."
"Safety is the seam that joins the fabric of life. Don't let a loose thread bring it all undone."
"Pull in your head when low beams are near, or your head could be forced into your rear."
"If you give somebody a hand, make sure there is a glove on it."
"If your feelin' beat because of the heat, do what you oughta and keep drinking water."
"Use your brain. Avoid the Strain."
"Safety is the engine, and you are the key that starts it."
"If you're not safety conscious, you could end up unconscious.SO THINK ABOUT IT!"
"When working at heights and an edge is near, don't be brave your next step could lead to a grave. Fall restraint will give you the edge to keep on living."
"A good safety culture is built over time. It is never given"
"Safety brings first aid to the uninjured." - F.S. Hughes
"Do not think because an accident hasn't happened to you that it can't happen." - Safety saying, early 1900's
"You don't need to know the whole alphabet of Safety. The A, B, C of it will save you if you follow it: Always Be Careful." - Colorado School of Mines Magazine
"Carefulness costs you nothing. Carelessness may cost you your life." - Safety saying, early 1900's
"Safety isn't expensive, it's priceless." - Author Unknown
"For safety is not a gadget but a state of mind." - Eleanor Everet
"Prepare and prevent, don't repair and repent." - Author Unknown
"An incident is just the tip of the iceberg, a sign of a much larger problem below the surface." - Don Brown
"Working safely may get old, but so do those who practice it." - Author Unknown
"At the end of the day, the goals are simple: safety and security." - Jodi Rell
"Safety is something that happens between your ears, not something you hold in your hands." - Jeff Cooper
"Better a thousand times careful than once dead." - Proverb
"Safety doesn't happen by accident." - Author Unknown
"Work injuries and illnesses can affect every aspect of life for workers and their families." - Maine Department of Labor
"You are your last line of defense in safety. It boils down to you." - Kina Repp
"Luck runs out but safety is good for life." - Author Unknown
"It takes leadership to improve safety." - Jackie Stewart
"Your employees learn by example. If they don't see you practicing good safety habits, they won't think safety is important." - Electrical Construction & Maintenance
"One earnest worker can do more by personal suggestion to prevent accidents than a carload of safety signs." - Making Paper
"Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety." - Aeschylus